12noon Timekeeper

A desktop tool to display the current date/time on the Windows
task bar in your custom format.


.: Features :.

Primary click on clock to display calendar.
Secondary click on clock to display context menu.

Can format clock's display, including:
   Font
   Text color
   Background color
   Alignment: left, center, right
   Data displayed: date format, time format, text, etc.
   Line separators for a multi-line display
   Some pre-formatted date/time entries included, to get the user started.

Timekeeper displays the locale's long date/time in its tooltip.

Calendar displays current date/time in the caption.
Calendar edges can be dragged to resize the window and display more or fewer months.
Can select a series of dates.
Close Calendar by clicking on the 'x' in the caption or pressing ALT+F4 or ESC.

Keys:
   Home           First day of current month
   End            Last day of current month
   CTRL+Home      First day of first month on display
   CTRL+End       Last day of last month on display
   PageUp         Move back one month
   PageDown       Move forward one month
   CTRL+PageUp    Move back one year
   CTRL+PageDown  Move forward one year
   ALT+F4         Close the calendar
   ESC            Close the calendar

Calendar options include:
   Show today
   Show week numbers
   Remember calendar's position
   Remember calendar's size


.: Advanced Features:.

Timekeeper reloads the display format when it notices that it's changed.
You can use this to display your own dynamic value on the desk band.

	HKCU\12noon\Timekeeper\Clock\
			Format [string] = Display format

You can set this data value to any text you'd like to have displayed on the
Timekeeper's desk band. Use it to display the weather, a reminder, whatever.


.: Known Issues :.

If we change the font to something smaller, the calendar is not resized.
The band must be closed and re-opened to see the new size. This is a
Windows limitation.

For some reason, one Windows XP system that Timekeeper has been tested on
did not have atl.dll registered propertly. In this case, Timekeeper caused
Explorer to hang. The solution is to register atl.dll with regsvr32.exe.

      regsvr32.exe atl.dll


.: Ideas for Enhancement :.

Multiple times--for specified time zones?

Make double-click select Configure Clock command (Windows can't detect difference btwn single and double)

Calendar: remember last selected date

Add analog clock to band

Option to not auto-size band (or to just not reduce size after configuring clock)

Other data:
   memory used
   cpu (minus top consumer, so ignores SETI/folding/etc)
   disk space
   plug-in architecture for custom data
